Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to have two Chesterfields.
One is going to be for the room ID, the other is going to be for the user name.
They already know how to walk with their shoes.
Right.
So you can follow this video and see if you can do this yourself.
Okay.
Now, like I said, we're going to have to test fields.
One is going to be for the ID and the other is going to be for the user, a user.
And they look at both those fields are going to be displayed vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
Now, to do this, they need to go back to the court fully.
Now, outside the app bar, the scaffold, we are going to have the body right on.
Like I said, the two test fields are going to be displayed vertically.
So they're going to be using Nikola Widgets for this.
And as you know, this column can take multiple widgets.
It tells the to do it.
Therefore the first charge is going to be the first just filter.
Right.
Okay.
Great.
Now what you're going to do first?
They're going to specify the type of the touch field.
So I'm going to say a keyboard type is going to be a fields.
So it says test appeals.
Time, then there's going to be a number.
Great.
Now we can specify the last line whilst linked to the.
So we're not last names for bass lines to.
She the one.
Okay.
Now we can then have the declaration that is going to be imputes declaration.
Right.
Okay.
Now what you're going to first do is the cancer sequel is going to be secondary called Secondary and
Cole.
Great.
Now you can also Field two crew.
Now it doesn't get rid of the border.
So you can say border.
There's going to be a huge.
If you don't know, he's got around to see if I'm going to check what you've done so far.
Okay.
Great.
Now we can have an intel, which I said is more like a placeholder.
Right?
So for the interest is just going to say, roll it.
Right.
To recover and go and check.
Okay.
Now, what you can do can take this I.D. test to the center and you have access to that property to
the outside, the Empire Declaration within the test shield.
I just want to say it as a line.
It's going to be test.
Line.
The Arts Center.
Okay, great.
Then go check it out.
Okay.
Great.
Now we can have unadvertised field rights, so we can simply copy this.
Audio trail, ray and controller and v to face is going to be the user name.
Okay.
He's going to turn this to save and go check what he just did.
Okay, great.
I can see there is no space.
So now to give the space to user privacy, we used them before.
That is the size box.
Size works right there.
Give it the space vertically so there's going to be height.
Ides of May.
We often you can just check changes later if there's no great artist.
Okay, great.
Right now, we can give you a pardon to the fall.
So we tend to impute Decoration Day as something or as content fodder.
We can see it in sets.
That's all sides of the the plaintiff and just check to see what it does.
Okay.
I think it made it much.
Bigger.
Right.
Okay.
But really, we're just going to say ten.
I'm going to do the same thing for.
So content Prada is going to be it sets.
You wouldn't know what part in those rights is head to toe then.
Ten as well.
Okay.
And go check it out to see what it does immediately.
Great.
Right.
Okay.
Now we have the ID.
We as well.
We're just going to use a copy editor for this room.
I'd like.
Okay.
Great.
Okay, guys.
See you in an ethnic.